Privacy Enhancement for Polkadot Extension (#870)
w3f/Grants-Program: applications/privacy-enhancement-polkadot-extension.md

# W3F Grant Proposal

- **Project Name:** Privacy Enhancement for Polkadot Extension
- **Developer:** Ender Dogan
- **Payment Address:** Ethereum: 0xD4130B0F66F1a621A901888B6e239906D1B680Ee
- **[Level](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/tree/master#level_slider-levels):** 1

## Project Overview :page_facing_up:

The project description, deliverables and Milestone 1 is described here: https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/rfps/privacy-enhancement-polkadot-extension.md

### Project Details

> As a newcomer to Polkadot environment, i was able to create chrome extension and make some changes to work in the development environment. I was able to extend the global settings but i had to change the polkadot/ui-settings package. I didn't want to change so far but wanted to see first result so i used an existing button to see, if i can show/hide the address of an account. It was possible and i made a gif of it: https://imgur.com/a/qsfhD0z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a newcomer to Polkadot environment, I was able to create a chrome extension and make some changes to work in the development environment. I was able to extend the global settings but I had to change the polkadot/ui-settings package. I didn't want to change too much but wanted to see a first result so I used an existing button to see if I could show/hide the address of an account. It was possible and I made a gif of it: https://imgur.com/a/qsfhD0z
```

> I would make GUI mock-ups and a concept of change in the code hierarchy (interfaces, etc) before starting with the tasks of Milestone 1. In my professional projects, i like to use v-modell but i would like to present my solution and proposal to stakeholder before i start coding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I would make GUI mock-ups and a concept of change in the code hierarchy (interfaces, etc) before starting with the tasks of Milestone 1. In my professional projects, I like to use the [v-model](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/software-engineering-sdlc-v-model/#:~:text=The%20V%2Dmodel%20is%20a,associated%20with%20the%20testing%20phase.) but I would like to present my solution and proposal to stakeholders before I start coding.
```

### Ecosystem Fit

> As described in RFPS, the development will enhance the privacy of the Polkadot Extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in the [RFP](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/rfps/privacy-enhancement-polkadot-extension.md), the development will enhance the privacy of the Polkadot Extension.
```
